Fix access om2 issue 904 (#905)
ACCESS-NRI/access-hive.org.au: docs/models/configurations/access-om.md

</div>

- **Ocean**: [MOM5](/models/model_components/ocean#mom5).<br>
  Tripolar grid, <span tabcontentfor="1deg">1</span><span tabcontentfor="025deg">0.25</span><span tabcontentfor="01deg">0.1</span>° spatial resolution, <span tabcontentfor="1deg">50</span><span tabcontentfor="025deg">50</span><span tabcontentfor="01deg">75</span> vertical levels.

- **Ocean Biogeochemistry**: [WOMBAT](/models/model_components/bgc_ocean#wombat) (optional).

- **Sea ice**: [CICE5.1.2](/models/model_components/sea-ice#cice5).<br>
    Same grid as ocean.

- **Coupler**: [OASIS3-MCTv2](/models/model_components/coupler#oasis3-mct).

More details on the models is given [here](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/t/access-om2-control-experiments/258), together with details on the extensive control experiment data available for those who don't need to run a new experiment.

> Conditions of use for ACCESS-OM2 models or outputs are given [here](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om2-configs?tab=readme-ov-file#conditions-of-use).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full conditions of use for ACCESS-OM2 models and its outputs can be viewed in the  [ACCESS-OM2-configs README](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om2-configs?tab=readme-ov-file#conditions-of-use).
```
